README.md, before:

# VICE Front-end Coding Exercise

Below is a HTML/CSS/JS exercise that involves building out a web component, or single page app, to navigate through various VICE shows.

- Use HTML5 semantic markup elements.
- Write your CSS using a preprocessor (Sass, LESS or Stylus).
- Use any JS framework you'd like or vanilla JavaScript.
- Bonus: use a module bundler or task manager such as Webpack, Gulp or Grunt to compile static assets.

## Exercise
In index.html, rebuild the mocks in the designs folder in semantic HTML, CSS and JS. The designs represent layouts in a smaller screen and a larger screen. It is not 2 pages. Feel free to diverge from the designs and apply your own creativity. The goal is to build a simple UI that allows users to navigate between various shows while displaying the corresponding meta data for each.

## Specs:
- There are 10 shows, each with an id, title, episode count, and cover art. (see shows.json).
- When landing on the page initially, the first show should be selected.
- When clicking through the show selector the single show image, title, and episode count also updates.
- The url updates with the currently selected show. (http://{{page_url}}?id=2, if second show is selected)
- A url with http://{{page_url}}?id=2 should have the second show selected on page reload.
- When clicking between shows, hitting “Back” and “Forward” on the browser will also update the url, cover image, title, and episode count according to the show id.
- The minimum width of the screen is 320px. The horizontal breakpoint is at 980px. Build with a mobile first approach.

Commit message:

updating the data loading to use json-server and ask candidate to use ajax

README.md, after:

# VICE Front-end Coding Exercise

Below is a HTML/CSS/JS exercise that involves building out a web component, or single page app, to navigate through various VICE shows.

- Use HTML5 semantic markup elements.
- Write your CSS using a preprocessor (Sass, LESS or Stylus).
- Use any JS framework you'd like or vanilla JavaScript.
- Bonus: use a module bundler or task manager such as Webpack, Gulp or Grunt to compile static assets.

## Exercise
In index.html, rebuild the mocks in the designs folder in semantic HTML, CSS and JS. The designs represent layouts in a smaller screen and a larger screen. It is not 2 pages. Feel free to diverge from the designs and apply your own creativity. The goal is to build a simple UI that allows users to navigate between various shows while displaying the corresponding meta data for each.

## Specs:
- There are 10 shows, each with an id, title, episode count, and cover art. (see shows.json).
- Load the data using AJAX from `http://localhost:3000/shows` (you can start the server up using `yarn start-api`)
- When landing on the page initially, the first show should be selected.
- When clicking through the show selector the single show image, title, and episode count also updates.
- The url updates with the currently selected show. (http://{{page_url}}?id=b1, if second show is selected)
- A url with http://{{page_url}}?id=b2 should have the second show selected on page reload.
- When clicking between shows, hitting “Back” and “Forward” on the browser will also update the url, cover image, title, and episode count according to the show id.
- The minimum width of the screen is 320px. The horizontal breakpoint is at 980px. Build with a mobile first approach.
